what's up YouTube's a few on Superstock
TV and look what we have here it's the
brand-new Google a Nexus 5 and we've got
it here on the launch day as well it's
been an absolute mission to try to get
this here on the launch day so a thumbs
up for the effort and the determination
would be appreciated but without any
further ado let's get straight to the
unboxing looking around the box
initially you've got the standard Google
branding and this is very similar to the
Google Nexus 7 branding that we saw in
the box this is the 16 gigabyte version
that's the only one I could get hold of
on the day and this is manufactured by
LG so let's get straight into the box so
we'll take it out of its sleeve
now again you've got the white a box
this time previously we had the black
for the Nexus 4 the Google logo here not
much else around everywhere else we've
got these seals so let's get straight
into it
we'll get a knife here and just cut open
these seals on here and there as well
and let's get this bad boy outside of
the box so there is the Nexus 5 right
there sitting on the top and wow feels
really nice it's got a very similar
material to the Google Nexus 7 which
we'll look at later let's just put this
to the side for now
and look out what else you get inside
the box so I've got this blue sofa cover
here and yeah this is your SIM card
ejector sort of instructions some more
cuts and QuickStart guide here so just
some people work in there we'll put that
to the side and there is the micro USB
cable so this is going to be used to
transfer your data and also to charge
the device just have a quick look we'll
take that out of its packaging and just
show you a quick glimpse of that here
and then we've got the adapter so now
this is the AC adapter this is a UK one
because I'm the UK you'll see that here
because somewhere else you may see
something different and this is a bit of
a mission to get up on the package yup
so the standard three-pin adapter that
we've gotten here with the USB input
which you can connect on so let's move
that to the side and have a look at the
device itself so looking at it initially
so you've got the nexus oh it's got the
protective case on which we'll be taking
off in a second just looking around the
device quickly looking at the front
you've got the front facing camera
that's 1.2 megapixel front facing camera
here looks like a sensor some some
sensors that we've got here getting at
the back of the device that you've got
the 8 megapixel camera now the special
thing about this camera is that it does
have optical image stabilization really
looking forward to checking that out and
putting it up against at the Samsung
Galaxy s4 as well as the iPhone 5 gone
LED flash now the Nexus logo is very
similar place at placement to the Nexus
7 so you've got the Nexus logo here in
landscape format that's so that's
they've got the LG logo because this is
made by LG this is a sticker that I'll
be taking off at a later point now
looking on the left hand side you've got
the volume rocker here and on the right
hand side you've got the power button I
believe and then there's the SIM card
ejector tray so that's where the SIM
card is gonna go in I'm not exactly sure
what SIM card it uses I believe it's
nano micro but we'll see that in the
full review looking at the bottom you've
got the speaker grilles on both sides
and you've got the micro USB connector
here and looking at the top finally
you've got the 3.5 millimeter headphone
jack and it's also got another mic here
and in terms of the feel of the device
it does feel very very nice in the hand
it's got that soft touch plastic now
this is very similar to the Nexus 7 that
we've got here and it feels sort of
silky as well so it does feel quite
premium and very nice in the hand and
now that we've got the handset in hand
we are going to be having a full review
on the channel in the usual style so if
you do want to see that first then be
sure to hit the subscribe button and if
there's anything in particular that
you'd like me to cover in the full
review then be sure to drop a comment
below and I will try my best to cover as
much as I can
in the full review which will be on
shortly I hope you enjoyed this video
and finally you saw if you did as always
please do hit that thumbs up button for
me
you readers help me out and why not
subscribe to the channel I've got plenty
more content coming up in here
thanks for watching this is Safa on
super staff TV i'll see you next time if
you wanna see more regular videos that
like this one the be sure to hit the
subscribe button which will be below if
you're a mobile device it may be
somewhere else if you want to see my
previous related video then hit the link
right here you're gonna stay in touch
over Facebook Twitter a Google+ then all
of the addresses will be there somewhere
as well as direct links in the
description below